You've likely seen an |alt| attribute on
an |img| tag in other challenges. |alt|
text describes the image's content and
provides a text-alternative for it. An
|alt| attribute helps in cases where the
image fails to load or can't be seen by a
user.

Search engines also use it to
understand what an image contains to
include it in search results. Here's an
example:
_______________________________________

<img src="importantLogo.jpeg" alt="Company logo">
_______________________________________

People with visual impairments rely on
screen readers to convert web content
to an audio interface. They won't get
information if it's only presented
visually. For images, screen readers can
access the |alt| attribute and read its
contents do deliver key information.

Good |alt| text provides the reader a
brief description of the image. You
should always include an |alt| attribute
on your image. Per HTML5 specification,
this is now considered mandatory.























